Update api-reference.mdx (#4677)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/api-reference.mdx

- `/posts/[page].astro` would generate the URLs `/posts/1`, `/posts/2`, `/posts/3`, etc.
- `/posts/[...page].astro` would generate the URLs `/posts`, `/posts/2`, `/posts/3`, etc.

`paginate()` has the following arguments:

> - `pageSize` - The number of items shown per page
> - `params` - Send additional params for dynamic routes, ex. `{slug: tag.slug}`
> - `props` - Send additional props, ex. `{entry}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pageSize` - The number of items shown per page
- `params` - Send additional parameters for creating dynamic routes
- `props` - Send additional props to be available on each page
```
Without the example below, I wouldn't include the examples here.

> 
> Here is an example of using all `paginate()` arguments:
> 
> ```js
> export async function getStaticPaths({ paginate }) {
>     const tags = await getCollection('tags');
>     const posts = await getCollection('blog')
> 
>     return tags.flatMap(entry => {
>         const tagPosts = posts.filter(post => post.data.tags.some(({slug}) => slug === entry.slug));
>         return paginate(tagPosts, {pageSize: 5, params: {slug: entry.slug}, props: {entry}});
>     });
> }
> 
> const {page, entry} = Astro.props;
> const {Content} = await entry.render()
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
